caution
the origin of this time was nothing more or less than
maybe he was arrested
and I just do not want to make sure there's a person in the audience with the théo
becker does not deserve to fall into bladders
we are watching
alitalia
this all of her that is the blu-ray are from the radio club of campinas as vai
of the program of the event did not enter alone before the radio we enter in it
then gave me to the next - the lady
a person of high competence
and I'm at the most beloved radio club in Brazil
paulo roberto remembers that the athlete was worse and worse is that the club the duality
He was much worse than my representatives of his government. Let's go.
do one now
by people highly damaging to the session but
I'm not understanding, either.
It's okay and win.
the owner of the gallery
I'd rather stay here, he concluded the ministry's
I put it in my future
the last group is to prepare the riot between January and May the fc port to break
of secrecy
okay then
well we have a program that on the radio that is what is what is is pretty cool
where the artists in our garden a joke dem good thing any thing if
There's something to send to us.
the booker of bookers anytime nonsense
what qualifies and gets irritated state
the long
with his band plays in Araguaia
in fact the love of African culture with the homologous period reaching the
The other brother's brother's place is good.
The worst part is that I want it to happen against crack.
is what I look out for the other vehicle not when asked the top
It's okay, I'm worried that I would like to go to São Paulo now.
no live participation with bing
the official radio fee which has a purpose of d canonization for the
ego stepfather
Thank you for calling any team.
due to the heat
like this
these other women
my daughters
on March 16 six do not resist anyone living here moral narrated
The most beloved club in Brazil
and now that live the military in Libya everyone is well as is going to
he the problem
the yahoo hope that the benfica with fine of 1500 euros
to the downer is really this will not change the way it was worth having another
Talk that asking you about the table.
here in our twitter of the whole radio are arriving several questions and the
People know you take a door from her I do not have now she left the farm
How are you both doing in one?
the powerful dynamo after the economic recovery
among them the Syrian president I think is because it is practiced in the state
Xingu river I read that I had full confidence she tells me that I had
to be broken
that's where it's on the bright side, it does not really matter
little more the victims then I asked you now a live straw to 15
years in prison of the ears here of the radio club then from the 20
items
before the Portuguese
Your Ad Here
vote
not
to battle
no company
on the other hand mourning
of the balance sheet
of course I do not forgive myself
clear
williams
it's my fault on goal
in the program I do not know which one
the bathing season
Vice is my goal this year
I'm coming here for us singing.
Those of us now will follow here on the radio all live andressa on the
Beloved of Brazil, without being active.
o são paulo fc porto I was the one who brought him to prevent you
recording around
I'm recording she could not even just face my program no
is going late
divided into several stages since she was elected
but he is very badly physically said he did not see anything like the
executive live
I will speak the coalition does not have conditions of slaughter continues to have
better started the reserve decision that could attract
Silvio audience here
paulo can also facilitate and does not reduce the amount of revenues from the
arelho is extraordinary and more traffic laws and damaged a car
posted by calling any
if the option is to support attention to the situation of obina if
curitiba
is the fifth placed
the guy caught first with the tall foot in the squad and that put it to the edge of the
I've seen a documentary that does not stay sharp and integral no one here
that matters is a little debut for the goiano championship reason why the
protocol to compensate and part to speak with the approval of the
repertoire brings to the stage the last hour of my personality outside the
Spanish league full table
As professor of neurology he is the son of the owner of radio and television.
presidential rene preval and yellow government
It's because at certain hours I was trying to get the company of everything and I really was not 7
on crime in town cameras
first he promised I hope not
the montana model car that credit card
the whole state was not unpublished champion pentacampeonato the European market
the moment
but he liked his participation from 2 to 0 certainly a good campaign for
I do not think I'll be able to vote.
that here
it's very premature I do not have silicone anymore thiaguinho another serious problem